Song Name - Blood Sandwich by Aesop Rock from "The Impossible Kid"

Project Overview - We were prompted to choose a song that reflected our own personal idea of community and what that means to us. I struggled with choosing a song at first, but eventually this one jumped out at me for being an incredibly personal look at the experience of being a middle child in the very first community many of us know, our family. The artist and I have that in common, growing up between two brothers who shaped us into the people we are as adults, but sadly grow apart from as we go our separate ways. The song does end on a happy note, where the artist decides to call up his brothers in order to reconnect, or at least check in on those people who were very close to him growing up. 

Technical Overview - This was the part of the project where I struggled the most, as I have never used HTML/CSS for animations before, and found it very frustrating to work within the finicky parameters of its syntax. For the first page, I chose a simple looping animation of the 'play button' flashing to prompt the user to click on it, and I used retro arcade games as an inspiration where they would often have start screens similar to that. The next page uses a scaling transform effect to emphasize the first word, and on the next line a tranform translate animation causes the chose phrase to jump. The last two pages use a 'typing' animation which I found on codepen to read out the lines one by one like dialog in a video game.

Acknowledgements: Typing animation from https://codepen.io/denic/pen/GRoOxbM
